Occasionally, colonists will change their minds about things. They can gain a trait, lose a trait, or have the trait's degree change.

Overview:
Traits can be gained as long as a colonist doesn't have the max number of traits already (the max number can be changed in the settings but defaults to 4)
Traits can be lost (minimum traits also configurable)
Traits with multiple degrees can change degrees

A few traits won't change, be removed, or be added (unless you set them to in the settings window), for various reasons:
Beauty traits, annoying voice, creepy breathing (physical not mental)
Brawler because I personally think Brawler is just stupid and your best shooter becoming a brawler is super annoying.

Vanilla traits relating to sexuality do not change by default. This can be enabled in the simple settings window, or can be enabled trait-by-trait in the advanced settings.

Fully compatible with modded traits! This can be toggled in the settings (disabled by default to avoid mod conflicts). Also optional is the minimum and maximum number of traits a pawn can have (defaults to 4).

If you want to choose manually which traits can change, enable the advanced settings in the Mod Settings window.
Once there, click a trait to enable/disable it (they're sorted into Will Change and Won't Change lists).
When you go to exit, DO NOT switch back to the simple settings. Leave it in advanced move and click "Close."

Events may cause a colonist to change their ways (e.g. a colonist is happy for a while and gains optimist):
-Once a pawn is happy or about to break CONSTANTLY for long enough, they can gain Optimist or Depressive. It's about a once-per-quadrum timer for a 1 in 2 chance (average 2 quadrums to occur), which happens quicker if they're in a better/worse mood. If their mood ever dips below 70/above minor break, the count resets.
-Pawns have a small chance to become Cannibal when consuming human meat (1 in 100 for cooked meat, 1 in 300 for raw).
-Pawns with Body Purist have a 1 in 3 chance per quadrum to grow accustomed to their new body and forget their body purism. There's an additional 1 in 3 chance (1 in 9 total) to then become Transhumanist, but this is unlikely because they're going against their previous belief so strongly.

Supports versions: 1.1, 1.0 (the 1.0 version does not receive new updates)

Can be added to any existing save file! Can also be removed from a save file, although you may get a one-time error (which you can safely ignore).

Comment any bugs or suggestions! (especially bugs) I made this mod a long time ago and it's kind of a mess, so there probably won't be many more major updates.

Huge thanks to SY1102 for translating this mod into traditional Chinese!